A picture is worth a thousand words without pictures it will be a boring website.
Right.
And this video we will learn how to add an image every time a users sign up.
Let us continue where we left off.
So right below here you are.
To court court.
So it has a built in no gas line.
So we didn't install
So technically there is a Web site API called Gravatar that will generate a generic picture and it is
free to use.
We are simply using the API to generate that image.
So technically what is happening right now is we created another custom function or custom method and
we get to name Gravatar.
The logic is quite simple.
If the size does not exist then we set the size to 200 and then if the email does not exist if the of
the uses that exist then you want to return a default.
You know he should keep the route which telling that Gravatar provides if the email does exist so if
I want to make it less confusing so we want to do it for us.
Good news here.
Dan you want to hold this
last confused
else.
If the e-mail does exist then you want to hash the password within the five encryption then you want
to return the graveling together with the five encryption.
So we have to call this function later on to really save the image to the database.
I will show you guys how to do this Liron in this video we learn how to create another function that
will generate an image by Gravatar Web site API in the next video.
We will revise the entire schema and as well as exporting the entire schema out of file could use it.
I'll see you guys in the next video.